♪ ♪
♪ VOCALIZING ♪
♪ DON'T
BE THAT WAY ♪
♪ FALL APART
TWICE A DAY ♪
♪ I JUST WISH ♪
♪ YOU COULD FEEL
WHAT YOU SAY ♪
♪ SHOW,
NEVER TELL ♪
♪ BUT I KNOW
YOU TOO WELL ♪
♪ KIND OF MOOD
THAT YOU WISH ♪
♪ YOU COULD SELL ♪
♪ IF TEARDROPS
COULD BE BOTTLED ♪
♪ THERE'D BE SWIMMING
POOLS FILLED BY MODELS ♪
♪ TOLD A TIGHT DRESS IS
WHAT MAKES YOU A WHORE ♪
♪ IF "I LOVE YOU"
WAS A PROMISE ♪
♪ WOULD YOU BREAK IT,
IF YOU'RE HONEST ♪
♪ TELL THE MIRROR WHAT YOU
KNOW SHE'S HEARD BEFORE ♪
♪ IDONTWANNABEYOU ♪
♪ ANYMORE ♪
♪ VOCALIZING ♪
♪ HANDS GETTING COLD ♪
♪ LOSING FEELING'S
GETTING OLD ♪
♪ WAS I MADE
FROM A BROKEN MOLD? ♪
♪ HURT,
I CAN'T SHAKE ♪
♪ WE'VE MADE EVERY
MISTAKE ♪
♪ ONLY YOU KNOW THE WAY
THAT I BREAK ♪
♪ IF TEARDROPS
COULD BE BOTTLED ♪
♪ THERE'D BE SWIMMING
POOLS FILLED BY MODELS ♪
♪ TOLD A TIGHT DRESS IS
WHAT MAKES YOU A WHORE ♪
♪ IF "I LOVE YOU"
WAS A PROMISE ♪
♪ WOULD YOU BREAK IT,
IF YOU'RE HONEST ♪
♪ TELL THE MIRROR WHAT YOU
KNOW SHE'S HEARD BEFORE ♪
♪ I, IDONTWANNABEYOU ♪
♪ IDONTWANNABEYOU ♪
♪ IDONTWANNABEYOU... ♪
♪ ANYMORE ♪
♪ ♪